#### Success is guaranteed, time is not.

There’s a difference between figuring out what to do, knowing how to do it, and being efficient at it. It all starts with the initial goal, then working backwards through regression and constantly refining through feedback.

At the core, everything revolves around three things:

- Resourcefulness (how much money you’ve got)
- Health
- Free time

The ultimate goal is to have a lot of free time, while being as rich as possible and healthy - mentally and physically. 

But until you have real money and financial freedom, you won’t be able to have all three at once. So the focus becomes: be as healthy as possible while making as much money as possible - until you reach the point where you actually get your time back.

That means the amount of money you’re going to make is the most important variable right now. And given your limited time, you need to be very deliberate about what you choose to work on.

The whole game is to solve a problem at scale for as many people as possible, inside a business that acts as a vehicle you can eventually exit. 

Once that exit happens, you’re in a good position. A good benchmark for a hectic life is $20M USD - which gives you $600K - $1M USD in passive income annually at a 3-5% return. 

The sooner you can get there, the better.

Once you’ve got that end goal, you use regression to work backwards. Each action will give you feedback, which should give you two answers:

- What needs to be done (direction)
- How to do it (execution)

The execution bit is the most important, direction is always going to be easy to define, execution (how to do it) is also fairly easy - the hardest one is doing it quickly, and actually getting it done.

The harder you work, the faster you get feedback - and feedback accelerates everything. That way, success becomes guaranteed, but the timeline is not.

The average time for someone to succeed at whatever they want to do is 7 years. Note that working on a $100M thing, and a $1M thing or having a high paying job - is equally as hard.

The more accurate your direction is, the better and more efficient you are at executing it - the quicker you will get there.

On top of that, luck is involved. The split between effort and luck is about 20/80. And importantly, you won’t get lucky if you don’t work hard. In fact, most of that 80% “luck” only shows up because you’ve done the 20% of hard effort. So the idea is to keep working hard. 

The harder you work, the faster you’ll figure out what to work on, how to do it, and how to do it efficiently. 

The rest will take care of itself. 
